Clarify plugin repo naming conventions (#27)
opensearch-project/opensearch-plugin-template-java: README.md

![Use this Template](https://docs.github.com/assets/images/help/repository/use-this-template-button.png)

Name the repository, and provide a description.

Depending on the plugin relationship with the OpenSearch organization we currently recommend the following naming conventions and optional follow-up checks:

> ### Official plugins

Reviewer: I don't love the name "Official". How about "Plugins Released with OpenSearch", of which there are 2 kinds, native and non-native?

Author: I was following naming pattern from InstallPluginCommand.java, see the [JavaDoc](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/blob/b251d2b565b918708a1612ec16d1916122c7805d/distribution/tools/plugin-cli/src/main/java/org/opensearch/plugins/InstallPluginCommand.java#L112) and [var name](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/blob/b251d2b565b918708a1612ec16d1916122c7805d/distribution/tools/plugin-cli/src/main/java/org/opensearch/plugins/InstallPluginCommand.java#L167) (also in [online docs](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/opensearch/install/plugins/)). Shall we rename in the install tool source code as well?

I would use "Native" and "Thirdparty" plugins. WDYT?

Reviewer: I see. That can be a separate PR. Let's leave it this way here, consider following up?

Author: > consider following up?

Yes, naming should be addressed in different PR.

For the **official plugins** that live within the OpenSearch organization (i.e. they are included in [OpenSearch/plugins/](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/tree/main/plugins) or [OpenSearch/modules/](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/tree/main/modules) folder), and **which share the same release cycle as OpenSearch** itself:

- Do not include the word `plugin` in the repo name (e.g. [job-scheduler](https://github.com/opensearch-project/job-scheduler))
- Use lowercase repo names
- Use spinal case for repo names (e.g. [job-scheduler](https://github.com/opensearch-project/job-scheduler))
- Do not include the word `OpenSearch` or `OpenSearch Dashboards` in the repo name
- Provide a meaningful description, e.g. `An OpenSearch Dashboards plugin to perform real-time and historical anomaly detection on OpenSearch data`.

> ### 3rd party plugins

Reviewer: Spell out Thirdparty

Name the repository, and provide a description.

Depending on the plugin relationship with the OpenSearch organization we currently recommend the following naming conventions and optional follow-up checks:

### Official plugins

For the **official plugins** that live within the OpenSearch organization (i.e. they are included in [OpenSearch/plugins/](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/tree/main/plugins) or [OpenSearch/modules/](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/tree/main/modules) folder), and **which share the same release cycle as OpenSearch** itself:

- Do not include the word `plugin` in the repo name (e.g. [job-scheduler](https://github.com/opensearch-project/job-scheduler))
- Use lowercase repo names
- Use spinal case for repo names (e.g. [job-scheduler](https://github.com/opensearch-project/job-scheduler))
- Do not include the word `OpenSearch` or `OpenSearch Dashboards` in the repo name
- Provide a meaningful description, e.g. `An OpenSearch Dashboards plugin to perform real-time and historical anomaly detection on OpenSearch data`.

### 3rd party plugins

> For the **3rd party plugins** that are maintained as an independent projects in separate git repositories **with their own release cycles** the recommended naming convention should follow the same rules as official plugins with some exceptions and a few follow-up checks:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the **3rd party plugins** that are maintained as independent projects in separate Github repositories **with their own release cycles** the recommended naming convention should follow the same rules as official plugins with some exceptions and a few follow-up checks:
```

Author: Fixed, but actually is it Github or GitHub? (I am going with the later one...)

- Inclusion of the words like `OpenSearch` or `OpenSearch Dashboard` (and in reasonable cases even `plugin`) are welcome because they can increase the chance of discoverability of the repository

> - You might also consider the following checks:

Reviewer 2: I would better drop `- You might also consider the following checks:`

Author: Agree, makes sense.

  - Check the plugin versioning policy is documented and help users know which versions of the plugin are compatible and recommended for specific versions of OpenSearch 
  - Review [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) document which is by default tailored to the needs of Amazon Web Services developer teams. You might want to update or further customize specific parts related to:
    - **Code of Conduct** (if you do not already have CoC policy then there are several options to start with, such as [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/)),
    - **Security Policy** (you should let users know how they can safely report security vulnerabilities),

>     - check if you need explicit part about **Trademarks and Attributions** (if you use any registered or non-registered trademarks we recommend following applicable "trademark-use" documents provided by respective trademark owners)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Check if you need explicit part about **Trademarks and Attributions** (if you use any registered or non-registered trademarks we recommend following applicable "trademark-use" documents provided by respective trademark owners)
```

Author: Fixed as well.
